Conflict of Interest - Pending decision from operatives
LONG RIM
14.08.5021
https://i.imgur.com/Npp3rtU_d.jpeg?maxwidth=520&shape=thumb&fidelity=high

Harriet Verbena et al,

We have recieved two conflicting mission requests that present a conflict of interest. As per company protocol, we will not provide mercenaary forced to both sides of the same engagement. Subsquad 1 of the Bridgeburners Mechanised Chassis Unit will be assaigned to which ever mission request is approved. We leave it to you, the mercenaries to make the decision.
> see below, the two mission requests from the Brigade Legion and House Stone respectively.

Kind Regards, Enver Carlo - Mercenary Liason

---

62nd Rimrunners,

This is a mission request from the Brigade Legion:

We hold a military and administrative base, Peyton Bay on the Diademcorp moon Arc Sera. The Company Resolute intends to launch an all out offensive against the Bay on 17/08, 3 days from now; and we request a unit of mechanised chassis to aid in our defense. We specifically request the Bridgeburners’ Subsquad 1; we have had an excellent experience with these operatives in the past and believe they will work well alongside our own forces again.

We also believe that the Company Resolute’s flagship, L’Augustine is harbouring a covert baronic weapon; our brief, once issued will include an assignment to gather further intel on this.

Kind Regards, Shara Priyad, Brigade Legion Logistical Officer

---

Dear MSMC 6nd Rimrtunners,

The House of Stone’s Company Resolute wish to commission a unit of mechanised chassis for our assault on the Brigade Legion’s ‘Peyton Bay’, on Arc Sera. This assignment will prioritise locking down the fortress and securing its cache of military equipment, the focus of our assault. We require an experienced unit of mechanised chassis, prepared to spearhead our offense.

Your chosen unit will receive a full briefing from Stonelord Tsuro Saadi aboard L’Augustine prior to planetfall.

We look forward to your favourable response,
Regards, Underbaron Simonnel Ensis & the Company Resolute
