003
Conflict of Interest
failure

# Mission // #003

### Conflict of Interest

This mission from the Brigade Legion has a major and minor objective. You are to prioritise the security of Peyton Bay at all costs and if the bay is successfully defended, the mission will be considered a partial success regardless of other parameters.

Your major objective is to hold the Brigade Legion fortress of Peyton Bay on Diademcorp moon, Arc Sera. Your squad is additionally charged with the minor objective of intercepting advancing Company Resolute forces and investigating the nature of a probable new Baronic weapon, carried aboard their flagship L'Augustine. Your squad will eneter the field on Arc Sera on 17/08/5021 at 10:00 UST. Your deployment is expected to conclude by the end of the following day, however this may be subject to change depending on the conflict's progression. The Brigade Legion will pay for additional hours if your deployment is extended, and my extend it this way up to 1 week.

Your mission as planned will consist of three major engagements: You will first intercept the advancing Company Resolute as they spread out to clear the area around Peyton Bay in advance of their offensive. Large siege vehicles are known to be used like miniature ships and it should be possible to disable and search one for the information required. You will then have to make your way to Peyton Bay without getting caught by the closing Baronic Advance. Finally, you will aid in the defense of the Bay until the siege concludes.

You will be working directly under Field Marshall Montoya of the Brigade Legion for the duration of this mission.


Report to:
Field Marshall R Montoya *FM_MONTOYA_active@BrigadeLegion.ah*

Mission Command:
Enver Carlo *ChattyStick@msmc.comp* , Vincent Corner *Corner_Office@msmc.comp*


# Operatives:
* **MADRIGAL** Harriet Verbena [LIEUTENANT COMMANDER]
* **LEVERET** Roswen Aderyn [SECOND LIEUTENANT COMMANDER]
* **FIREFLY** Faun Amhurst-Heiden [LIEUTENANT]
* **APSIS** Alistair Cardross [LIEUTENANT]
* **HYACINTHUS** Danny Davenport [LIEUTENANT]

> Lieutenant Commander Verbena is to answer to Field Marshall Montoya and Mission Command. Second Lieutenant Commander Aderyn, Lieutenant Cardross, Lieutenant Amhurst Heiden and Lieutenant Davenport are to answer to Lieutenant Commander Verbena.
